everybody's soaked out here again I'm
just doing a little video update because
I haven't uploaded anything in a while I
did a little controller mod with the Wii
U pro controller 'z just by switching
the buttons and the back lights and the
triggers for these controllers need to
know so far they they look like this
they've only released pure black and
pure white to go along with the two
different bundles of the Wii U the two
different colors but to me this is just
a little boring so I decided to switch
out the buttons and the analog sticks
just add a little bit of style and flare
to and make them a little more
interesting to me they look really cool
tell me which one you prefer if you
prefer the white one with the black
buttons or the white one excuse me why
with bite buns or the black with the
white buttons if I can find somebody
that has the basic bundle that has the
white gamepad I might try to do the same
thing I think might be a little cool if
I have the white bun some white analog
sticks with the black gamepad also I
bought this battery pack from dico for I
think it was eight or nine dollars at
Gamestop I actually like liked it quite
a bit adds a little bit of bulk to it
but it does add two or three hours of
battery life to the gamepad and also has
a built-in stand and it is compatible
with the standard Wii U charged cradle
that the system comes with yeah I just
did this little controller mod really
hardly a mod just a little just undo
some of the screws and just change the
bugs out really all you need is just a
tiny little Phillips screwdriver to
remove the battery plate and then a
three prong screwdrivers carry
screwdriver just to remove these screws
here and then there's four screws under
the battery plate but yeah tell me what
you guys think and
Oh also recently my resident for TAS
everyone that subscribed to me for that
thank you very much
I recently got a hundred thousand views
on that video and I still am working on
the updated resident for TAS I'm
currently in chapter 1 - 3 I haven't
made much progress that's going really
slow just trying to manipulate all the
enemies to drop items I want and make
sure that there's the right enemy
patterns and just trying to make
everything as fast as I can
yeah I'll get back to work on that just
finished finishing up some college work
right now but uh again everybody thanks
for watching thanks for subscribing and
I appreciate you all and if you have any
suggestions have anything you'd like to
say and again tell me which one you
prefer which we you pro controller that
I've modified and if you have anything
else just feel free to ask so everybody
thanks for watching